in this video I'm gonna show you how to
make my crochet gingerbread man hat this
is the zero to three month size you can
find this pattern and larger sizes on my
blog repeat crafter me.com alright let's
get started I'm using my right hook and
I have vanna's choice yarn in brown
we're gonna start by making a magic ring
got a lot of questions about this so
hopefully I can explain it here to start
the magic green you're just gonna make a
loop nose put the yarn over just like
that
you're gonna insert your hook through
the top of the loop just like this chain
one I'm gonna make nine half double
crochets inside the magic ring
9 take the short end pull it tight and
now you're going to join to your first
half double crochet here going with a
slip stitch chain 1 we're gonna make two
half double crochets in each or in each
stitch around for round 2 here we go
again join to your first half double
crochet
and in round three we are going to make
two half double crochets in the first
stitch one half double crochet in the
next stitch you're gonna always start in
the stitch that you made your chain in
six and twenty seven joined your first
half double crochet chain one we are on
around four you're gonna make two half
double crochets in the first stitch one
half double crochet in the next two for
a total of thirty six half double
crochets
five and thirty six join to your first
half double crochet in round five we are
going to make two half double crochets
in the first stitch and one half double
crochet in the next three so here we go
40 41 42 43 44 and 45
all right let's join to our first half
double crochet
chain one and now you got my yarn cut
for the rest of the rounds you are just
going to half double crochet in each
stitch around until you have a total of
13 rows 13 rounds so we already have 1 2
3 4 5 rounds so you're gonna need a
total of 13 and in the last row you are
just going to single crochet around that
will be Row 4 round 14